# Vim Closed Captioning

Vim plugin offering syntax highlighting and some mappings for dealing with `srt` (subrip) files. 

## Mappings

Use `<Leader>J` on a subtitle to join the subtitle below it up to it (works like Vim's normal line `join`-- see `:help J`). This mapping also merges the in and out times in a logical way. 

Use `<Leader>K` to split a subtitle. Leaves the user in `insert` mode to enter new in time for the split subtitle.

If you don't map `<Leader>` in your `vimrc`, it is set to `\` by default. 

You can reassign these mappings if you choose. For example, if you wanted to use `gJ` and `gK`, put the following in your `vimrc`:

```vim
  nmap gJ <Plug>JoinCaption
  nmap gK <Plug>SplitCaption
```

If you want your custom remappings to only work in `srt` files, use: 

```vim
  autocmd Filetype srt nmap gJ <Plug>JoinCaption
  autocmd Filetype srt nmap gK <Plug>SplitCaption
```

## Mapping Bugs and Other Deficiencies 

Biggest issue that I know of is that it won't work for subtitles with multiple lines of text:

```
1
00:02:17,440 --> 00:02:20,375
Senator, we're making
our final approach into Coruscant.
```

Other issues:

- The `join` command also doesn't take a count, and none of the mappings work in any mode except `normal`. 
- The dot command doesn't repeat either the join caption or split caption commands, even with [vim-repeat](https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat) installed.
- Ideally the `split` command could change the in and out times in some logical way. 
- Wondering if there's a smart way to remap the increment and decrement commands: `<C-a>` and `<C-x>`.


Please submit an issue or pull request if you have solutions to the above problems, suggestions for improving these mappings, or new mappings that you find helpful when dealing with `srt` files! 

## Syntax Highlighting

Syntax highlighting adapted from [Josip Deanovic](http://www.linuxpages.org/srt.vim_en.php) ([here's a version on GitHub](https://github.com/narkisr/.vim/blob/master/syntax/srt.vim)). Special thanks to Drew Neil's [vim-subrip](https://github.com/nelstrom/vim-subrip) as well. 
